Add a Conventions page to the Contributor Guide. (#899)
ufs-community/uwtools: docs/sections/contributor_guide/conventions.rst

Coding Conventions
==================

> The ``uwtools`` development team have adopted coding conventions that have been upheld throughout the code base. Expect that reviews may touch on any of these topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``uwtools`` development team have adopted certain coding conventions and has tried to uphold them throughout the code base. Expect that reviews may touch on any of these topics.
```

> * **Error handling**: The code should raise exceptions, specifically those defined in ``uwtools.exceptions``, when the user has made a mistake that they might be able to correct, but should fail assertions when the developer has made a mistake that users cannot correct. Additional exceptions may be added to ``uwtools.exceptions`` as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Error handling**: The code should raise exceptions, specifically those defined in ``uwtools.exceptions``, when the user has made a mistake that they might be able to correct, but should fail assertions when the developer has made a mistake that users cannot correct. Additional exceptions may be defined in module ``uwtools.exceptions`` as needed.
```

> * **Naming tests**: The individual tests in the ``tests/`` modules should be named by the module or class being testing, followed by an underscore and the method or function. Private methods or functions, as denoted by a leading underscore, will therefore require a double underscore in the name. For example, module ``foo`` contains functions ``bar`` and ``_baz``, the tests' names would be ``test_foo_bar`` and ``test_foo__baz``. When multiple tests target the same method or function, append a short descriptive suffix separated by two underscores to distinguish the behavior being tested, i.e.,  ``test_foo_bar__pass`` and ``test_foo_bar__fail``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Naming tests**: The individual tests in the ``tests/`` modules should be named by the module or class being tested, followed by an underscore and the method or function. Private methods or functions, as denoted by a leading underscore, will therefore require a double underscore in the name. For example, module ``foo`` contains functions ``bar`` and ``_baz``, the tests' names would be ``test_foo_bar`` and ``test_foo__baz``. When multiple tests target the same method or function, append a short descriptive suffix separated by two underscores to distinguish the behavior being tested, i.e.,  ``test_foo_bar__pass`` and ``test_foo_bar__fail``.
```

* **Ordering**: In the absence of a more natural way of ordering a list of items, including function arguments, lexicographical ordering should be used. When not using lexicographical ordering, comment(s) describing the ordering are appreciated.

> * **Pull requests**: When opening a PR that significantly changes the code base, the contributor should be the first to formally review the code, adding helpful comments that will walk other reviewers through the changes. Specifically, add comments in the PR line-by-line (or to an entire file, where applicable) that highlight changes that may not be obvious in the given context.

Reviewer 2: I would even consider suggesting that this be done while the PR is still a draft, and only open it once you've made your comments and reviewed your own code.

Reviewer: Yes, please. This minimizes the number of emails that reviewers get pinged with.

> * **Pull requests**: When opening a PR that significantly changes the code base, the contributor should be the first to formally review the code, adding helpful comments that will walk other reviewers through the changes. Specifically, add comments in the PR line-by-line (or to an entire file, where applicable) that highlight changes that may not be obvious in the given context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Pull requests**: When opening a PR that significantly changes the code base, the contributor should be the first to formally review the code, adding helpful comments that will walk other reviewers through the changes. Specifically, add line-level comments in the PR (or file-level, where applicable) to explain non-obvious decisions, important context, or areas that deserve closer attention. 
```

I fear "line-by-line" may suggest something we definitely _don't_ want.

Author: Agree. 😬
